Add documentation regarding 'MinionCheckin' taskomatic job (#382)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/reference/pages/systems/systems-list.adoc

image::systems_inactive.png[scaledwidth=80%]

> Checking in means that Zypper on {sle} or Red Hat Update Agent on {rhel} client systems connects to {productname} to see if there are any updates available or if any actions have been scheduled.

Reviewer: This is not correct and we should fix it while we are at it.

```suggestion
On traditional clients, checking in is performed periodically by client tools (specifically `mgr_check`) - client systems connect to {productname} to see if there are any updates available or if any actions have been scheduled.
```

> In case of salt systems, there is a taskomatic job that checks on the minions by performing a test.ping on them.

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/SUSE/doc-susemanager/pull/384

(I tried to  do one of those little inline PRs, but failed, somehow. *sigh*)

Reviewer: It's called "Suggested Changes" and it's available in the GitHub Beta program.

https://github.blog/changelog/2018-10-16-suggested-changes/

Reviewer: Incorporating @Loquacity's suggestion:

```suggestion
For Salt systems, a Taskomatic job checks on the minions periodically by pinging them when otherwise inactive.
If you see the message " System not checking in with {productname}" in a system's Detail page, then the system is not successfully connecting to {productname} (in the case of Salt minions, Taskomatic's ping mentioned above is not successful).
```

Reviewer 2: Hrm, I can't see 'suggest changes' anywhere, I'll have to keep looking ;)

* The system itself has not been properly configured, perhaps pointing at the wrong {productname} Server.
* The system is not in the network.
* Some other barrier exists between the system and the {productname} Server.

> * For salt systems, taskomatic might be down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For Salt minions, Taskomatic might not be operational.
```
